Add MRTK architecture documentation, part 1 of N. (#5054)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Architecture/InputSystem.md

# Input System

> The input system and is the largest and most interesting system out of all the features offered by the MRTK.

Reviewer: i wouldn't say most interesting bc that's subjective

So many things within the toolkit build on top of it (pointers, focus, prefabs). The code within the input
system is what allows for the natural interactions like grab and rotate.

The input system has some of its own terminology that are worth defining:

> - **Data Providers**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data providers**
```

>     The input settings in the input profile have references to entities known as "data providers" - another word

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The input settings in the input profile have references to entities known as data providers - another word
```

>     that describes these are “device managers”. These are components whose job is to extend the MRTK input system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that describes these are device managers. These are components whose job is to extend the MRTK input system
```

    by interfacing with a specific underlying system. An example of a provider is the Windows Mixed Reality provider,
    whose job it is to talk with the underlying Windows Mixed Reality APIs, and then translate the data from

>     those APIs into MRTK-specific input concepts below. Another example would be the OpenVR provider (who job it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    those APIs into MRTK-specific input concepts below. Another example would be the OpenVR provider (whose job it
```

    is to talk to Unity-abstracted version of OpenVR APIs and then translate that data into MRTK input concepts).

- **Controller**

    A representation of a physical controller (whether it’s a 6-degree-of-freedom controller, a HoloLens 1-style
    hand with gesture support, a fully articulated hand, a leap motion controller, etc.). Controllers are spawned
    by device managers (i.e. the WMR device manager will spawn a controller and manage its lifetime when it sees an

>     articulated hand coming into existence, for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    articulated hand coming into existence).
```

(there's already ie in the beginning of the sentence)

- **Pointer**

    In order to interact with the rest of the world, a controller is associated with pointers, which can interact with
    other game objects in specific ways. For example, the near interaction pointer is responsible to detecting when

>     your hand (which is a controller) is close to objects that advertise themselves as supporting ‘near interaction’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the hand (which is a controller) is close to objects that advertise themselves as supporting ‘near interaction’.
```

>     There are pointers that handle teleportation. There are far pointers (i.e. the shell hand ray pointer) that uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Other examples for pointers are teleportation or far pointers (i.e. the shell hand ray pointer) that use
```

    far raycasts to engage with content that is longer than arms length from the user.

    Note that a controller can be associated with many different pointers at the same time – in order to ensure that

>     this doesn’t devolve into chaos, there is also a pointer mediator which controls which pointers are allowed to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this doesn’t devolve into chaos, there is a pointer mediator which controls which pointers are allowed to be
```

>     active (for example, this will disable far interaction pointers when near interaction is detected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    active (for example, the mediator will disable far interaction pointers when near interaction is detected).
```

>     Pointers can also belong to different categories like near interaction (useful for dealing with objects that are

Reviewer: i think we already had the definition before where we're saying an arm length away from the user is far interaction - i would remove this sentence?

    close to the user) or far interaction (useful for dealing with objects that may not be close to the user).

- **Focus**

    A pointer’s events will be directed to the object that is focused. For example, this can be the object that is
    raycast from the shell hand ray pointer, or this could be the object that is closest in a sphere raycast away from
    the index finger tip. Focus is a particularly important concept because it controls where input events are

>     delivered (i.e. where IMixedRealityPointerHandler, IMixedRealityFocusHandler, and other input events are delivered)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    delivered (i.e. where IMixedRealityPointerHandler, IMixedRealityFocusHandler, and other input events are delivered).
```

>     Focus is especially interesting because it drives the object that gets input events (so instead of every single

Reviewer: i would not put the text in parenthesis - can be part of "normal" text :)
